with a goal
we do not believe that the soldiers we listen to at moments of maximum
danger or seriousness
Behind my brand of 112 there is a network of professionals and technical means in
perfect coordination prepared so that any incident reported or
any help requested is taken care of
Today we want to face the voices that are listening to us, we are inside the center
emergency coordinator be our back
we have a room of about g the fundamental piece
to assist a person as soon as their courts
everyone should know what we do so as to understand and collaborate tepco
most effective way
there is an area where our colleagues without will pick up the call
they were going to ask a series of questions
the alerting citizen to the citizen
although it is annoying
Although we believe that it is a waste of time, it is very important to answer all
the questions that are asked because all of them will be decisive for
determine the type of event and therefore have some means or others for its
Attention
in no case is helping time being lost
All the information we give about the event we are aware of is known in
real time all the security and assistance bodies of Castile and
Lion
all these computers are interconnected with each other in such a way
that when we receive the emergency
all operators and those who resist the rooms also at the same
time that is expected to make the one that exceeds the emergency
69 cents per national share and that is what it is clear that we
we had planned
at the moment that is having the organism knows what is it that is
going
both the response time is immediate when you call 112 and it
opens a call letter so the computer document is known in which
point
how the so-called place name has developed where it is found that has
occurred and all kinds of details that allow the maximum
nature of the accident
In fact, the system recognizes up to 178 different types of incidents per
which any citizen yamaha 112
fully recovered
we know how to act in each case the canterano knows what it is that has to
do in each case in the online editions do not really drink coffee
mutual self but we rely on the protocols previously estimated with each
one of the organisms that are connected with us
with which we can allow some kind of related information
with the emergency
slow and complex the local hobby concept is pretty easy of what not
know what you have to do because with systems it does not recommend as these
previously already the posters of these reports we have a lot of presents
different incidents
a very high percentage are road accidents percent
fruit of the summer seasons not
there we have a cessation of actions collapsing could speak of many
dreams of many different types of aena preside over the operating room one
informative screen
where can we check
how the morning goes
with more than nine hundred in 11 hours it can be said that it is more than calm
this area be more that have occurred since
next to a coastal village in a row
all night the back view until this moment
at the end of the day then we'll be rafa plastic calls
depending on the days of today is a quiet day prosely horrific
we would have to get to the best my client 2000 and bad that not all
hours of the day are the same there are times when it ceased to be
Part by part
percent
and there are other moments he
good
in the number of calls
we have this perfectly for many years now
if we have statistics
to know
How many people do we need at each moment to pass one hundred percent of the
calls efe
and as long as an answer is served in French French German
portuguese and spain ohl
carry out preventive work with warnings to the population of storms and snows and
other foreseeable circumstances
over time the anecdotes and experiences accumulate but many people love because
I had bars at home
it seems that it is a bit particular ahead
the conseller and they lost
firefighters that are few who are immersed exit
to camp for mexico df 20 calls
they have insinuated that they want to bury sketched the manejos an anal gap the
door opening incident typology that we use more than we think not
many people stay inside the houses peter the heads stays at home the
surprise faces east of miami
sometimes
they are direct witnesses of the drama the tragedy was not the moment efe
tremendous we agreed with to be with the family
in those hard moments of accidents
recently mate
these moments drew an important attention but also
at the same time with a great calm efe
our obligation is to be prepared at all times for when it occurs
this circumstance
it's interesting you know you have to think that this work that is poverty
that we have to do it together among the citizen who is attending
live to the emergency
and it has to become
the moment of our eyes and our ears
to know what is happening
and at the same time three
try also from the tranquility
by following the instructions that satisfy them